An online bugs database will be available soon.

-- RELEASE HISTORY:
 1.0 Beta 1, 6 April 2006.
 1.0 Beta 2, 7 April 2006.  Fix linking problems on Ubuntu 5.  srandomdev() 
  does not exist on Linux, and I removed the need to resolve the mysql 
  global symbol my_charset_latin1
 1.0 Beta 3, 8 April 2006.  The "configure" script should now be able to 
  create a proper Makefile for Spread 4, with -lspread rather than -ltspread.

CODING STYLE BUG?
Rather than passing such a variety of things in initid->ptr, always pass an
"explicit init structure" 

OPEN BUGS
--
BUGS IN C CODE:
 ---
18 - Using jms4spread to send messages seems to trigger some strange bugs.  (1) mesg_status() displays group as "cndsrs" when it should be "cnds" -- wrong string length?  (2)  recv_mesg() never got a self-leave message after leave_mesg_group() from another thread.
17 - Many of the functions can cause a server crash if they are passed a NULL string argument. (FIXED)
16 - The memberships thread needs to be able to handle a return value of -8
(CONNECTION_CLOSED).
7 - For guaranteed messages, performance suffers if a group has lots of members because the member list is searched linearly.  It could be stored in a btree instead.
10 (FIXED) - There's a memory leak, because old versions of membership lists are never deleted.  (Fixed with the introduction of the memberships_purge_old_lists() code; deleting old versions is expensive, so it's only done if they are using more than memory than LIST_MEM_IS_BIG - defined at compile time - and there are more than three versions. )
11 - Handling of common errors needs to be improved.  Example: what happens if the spread daemon crashes and restarts.
12 - Many of the values that are configured at compile-time should be configurable at runtime.

 ---
LINKER BUGS:
14 - In the message API code, I can use MySQL's internal thread routines -- but
libtspread is still going to directly use libpthread code.
15 - I have tested the UDF on FreeBSD and OS X, but still have not confirmed 
that it links and runs correctly on Linux.  This is going to depend a great 
deal on pthreads, and on the mysql include files being correct for the target
system.

BUGS IN BUILD & INSTALL SCRIPTS:
 ---
13 - It's not always correct to install the .so file in /usr/local/lib 
